README.md, before:

# svg-sprite-generator

Unlike similar Gulp or Grunt tools, our SVG sprite generator is created for designers who are not fond of coding. This tool simply takes a list of SVG files and make a single sprite file using ```<symbol>``` elements. 

SVG sprite generator is a helpful for creating icon systems.

## Installation

This program needs [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) to run. If Node already existed in your system, use ```npm``` to install the generator:

```
npm install -g svg-sprite-generator
```

## Usage

### From a directory 
Generate sprite from a directory of SVG files

```
svg-sprite-generate -d path/to/directory/of/svg/files -o path/to/sprite.svg
```

### From a list of SVG files
Or specify SVG files to generate from. File paths can be separated with a comma.

```
svg-sprite-generate -l path/to/file1.svg,path/to/file2.svg -o path/to/sprite.svg
```

### From a CSV file
Or use a CSV file. The first column contains symbol IDs, the second contains SVG file paths.

```csv
duo-alarm-clock, test/svg/duo-alarm-clock.svg
duo-bicycle, test/svg/duo-bicycle.svg
```
The command

```
svg-sprite-generate -c path/to/csv.csv -o path/to/sprite.svg
```

### From another sprite file

You can take another sprite file and generate a new one with some modification too.

```
svg-sprite-generate -s path/to/sprite.svg -l path/to/extra.svg,path/to/another-extra-one.svg -o new-sprite.svg
```
### About

SVG Sprite Generator is created by the folks at [SmartIcons](https://smarticons.co)

## License
MIT

Commit message:

Added an optio to generate svg from a folder
Added an option to increase your sprite with a bunch of svg form a folder

README.md, after:

# svg-sprite-generator

Unlike similar Gulp or Grunt tools, our SVG sprite generator is created for designers who are not fond of coding. This tool simply takes a list of SVG files and make a single sprite file using ```<symbol>``` elements. 

SVG sprite generator is a helpful for creating icon systems.

## Installation

This program needs [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) to run. If Node already existed in your system, use ```npm``` to install the generator:

```
npm install -g svg-sprite-generator
```

## Usage

### From a directory 
Generate sprite from a directory of SVG files

```
svg-sprite-generate -d path/to/directory/of/svg/files -o path/to/sprite.svg
```

### From a list of SVG files
Or specify SVG files to generate from. File paths can be separated with a comma.

```
svg-sprite-generate -l path/to/file1.svg,path/to/file2.svg -o path/to/sprite.svg
```

### From a CSV file
Or use a CSV file. The first column contains symbol IDs, the second contains SVG file paths.

```csv
duo-alarm-clock, test/svg/duo-alarm-clock.svg
duo-bicycle, test/svg/duo-bicycle.svg
```
The command

```
svg-sprite-generate -c path/to/csv.csv -o path/to/sprite.svg
```

### From another sprite file

You can take another sprite file and generate a new one with some modification too.

```
svg-sprite-generate -s path/to/sprite.svg -l path/to/extra.svg,path/to/another-extra-one.svg -o new-sprite.svg
```

If you want to add a bunch of new svg from a foder:

```
svg-sprite-generate -s path/to/sprite.svg -d path/to/extra_svg -o new-sprite.svg

```
### About

SVG Sprite Generator is created by the folks at [SmartIcons](https://smarticons.co)

## License
MIT
